Hello everyone and welcome to this exciting Python tutorial.
In the previous video we defined our data generators.
And with that we have prepared everything for this moment.
Training our transfer learning model.
In this video we are going to use a new version of a feed function for our model when using a data generator
is a way of processing a data set.
We should use a fit generator function instead of normal fit function on our model in the first free
cell right model dot and choose feed the generator function This function takes a few arguments the
data generator is a first argument.
So here specify train generator for our training data then defined number of epochs.
In this case we are going to use only 5 and last argument that we have to provide is validation data
and for that just provide the validation or a value generator and now we have everything.
Are you ready to start our training process.
Execute the cell the training process will take a while and I'll see you back once those training processes
that.
And welcome back guys.
The training is done and we've got amazing results to discuss after only five epochs.
We reached 100 percent accuracy on the training data set and almost 97 percent on the validation data
set.
Don't be too excited about this 100 percent accuracy on the training set.
Our data set is very small.
So for this network on this scale it's not that hard to achieve but still we got amazing and terrific
results for validation data set.
We can easily put this model in production since we are almost all the time correct in recognizing cats
and dogs at this point.
We have amazing results but let's perform another technique and see if you're able to improve these
results even further.
The technique is called fine tuning and the next video we are going to perform final evaluation of these
results and jump into the fine tuning part of this section for now.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll assume the next tutorial.